what the hell is all this keep your eyes
peeled who knows what this bitch has in
store
we're trapped captain engaging lock
tactic for prototypes we've been
conducting such a bag of tricks isn't
going to stop us
see if you can hold those things off
that I'll get us past the walk security
breach detected in room 0
the cure is what
the Juris breach detected in the current
one security breach detected in room 0
security breach detected
security breach detected in room 0
disengaging marks in room 0
let's move there's no time to waste
someone doesn't want us to catch ada she
might not be working the load
hey to stop we have to talk 80 hey Doc
don't lose her
hey Doc
run like fudge again hi she always been
like this hurry up there she is cut her
off I've got her
you
Chris rayon what are you doing here put
your gun down Chris she's a key witness
we need her a witness she's the one who
did all this no it wasn't her it was
Simmons the national security advisor
I'll show my man because of her I lost
over 70,000 people putting the president
because of Simmons
she's working for New York briella you
know what that means you
I do and you're still going to protect
this woman I am
captain damn it huh milena he's gonna
kill her right we both want the same
thing here
all right the BSAA will handle later you
take care of Simmons Chris I know you'll
do the right thing
making a break for the harbor get in hey
piers you said about me hiding from my
past you're right captain catch up to
her he won't stop until I do